# CS300Journal
For the problems we were trying to solve with these projects was to find a way to load a file into a data structure. After loading it into a data structure we wanted to find a way to efficiently search the code as well to organize the list of items. From there we would get user input and output the data from either an organized manner or from a search. We looked at runtime analysis from previous assignments to find the best way to do this. One way that I would approach this problem was to look at which data structure did I feel most comfortable with. From there I would analyze them and see if they were a good option for the project. If not, I would look at the other options and analyze which one, I could implement and that would fit our design goals. Data structures are something that we will continue to face and will serve as a fundamental aspect of computer science. For a lot of applications, we will be dealing with a lot of different data structures trying to either manipulate them or to call upon them or just to find efficient ways to save data in them. There are of course a lot more other uses we will see with them, but those are some of the major ones that came to mind. For overcoming roadblocks, I tried to find resources that would help me look at different options of approaching a wall. I would look at code academy or reread some of our resources to find a way around the issue. When working on these projects I learned how important it is for me to continue to develop code in a manner that can be reused or modified. I noticed from previous projects that instead of rewriting code that did similar things it was easier to modify previous projects. That would help decrease development time and helped me understand the importance of designing something around modularity. It allows for ways to continue to upgrade or make changes as well as to reuse parts for future projects. This also changed the way that I write my programs. I am starting to write it to where I understand the reason I did it rather than just because I saw something similar in the lecture. It also allowed me to help better understand ways to reuse it as well as making my code more generic allowing for different passthrough using different structures to allow for the code the more modular. 
